what does Burger King have that
McDonald's don't onions what did you
wish she had but you don't onion rings
why because the typical onion rings at
Burger King can cost you between three
hundred and twenty calories to five
hundred calories and that's not good for
your diet don't fret because I'm gonna
show you guys a healthier version that
is only a hundred and eight calories per
serving less than 1 grams of fat shall
we begin
yes okay so you're gonna need onions
fiber one brand cereal except this use
some seasoning and a food processor
let's start by preparing our onions you
want to cut the onions into 1 inch in
width and we're going to separate them
into onion rings unless seizing our
onion rings with your season of choice
I'm just using salt pepper garlic powder
and Kayne pepper now let's cover our
coating we're going to add that fiber
one brand cereal into our food processor
and this is a great food processor it's
a really great up that cereal it's
definitely grinds up the cereal to make
it into this flour consistency you're
going to prepare the pan with parchment
paper and add a little bit of butter
spray preheat the oven to 400 degrees
and let's better it up we're going to
just add some egg substitutes to our
onion rings one serving and we're going
to place those onion rings into that
batter this is really easy and simple as
long as you're using that food processor
this will be a breeze and one by one it
just starts to look like this now I'm
just adding a little bit of the excess
butter left on top of the onion ring I
just add additional salt and pepper for
extra flavor which is optional now it is
ready to bake we're gonna put it in the
oven for about 15 minutes 15 minutes
later we're going to take it out the
oven and flip them over click over the
onion rings so we're just not four
this is an important step don't forget
to do that now we're gonna put it back
in the oven cook for 10 to 15 additional
minutes and when they're done they
should look something like this yummy
now I'm just setting it in the plate
it's really crispy and healthy add a
little bit of ketchup which is the
perfect dip for these onion rings okay
so that's it for this onion ring recipe
I'll have the ingredients in a video
description so make sure you check that
out definitely make sure you guys like
this video and subscribe for weekly
videos and also check out the suit
yourself Hawk one video new videos every
week I'll see you soon thanks for
watching bye guys